1. CS 2400 Project 2 done by Hemil Bhavsar, Kevin Kim, and Sean Abi Saab.
2. Kevin Kim created a document that shows the answers for Task #1 and Task #4 after completing both of those tasks. He also implemented the StackInterface.java, LinkedStack.java, ResizableArrayStack.java and Calculator.java. Inside the Calculator.java, he finished implementing the algorithms for the "convertToPostfix" method and "evaluatePostfix" method. Sean Abi Saab utilized the junit test framework to create the tester class, "CalculatorTest.java", and helped implement the test cases for the convertToPostfix and evaluatePostfix methods. He also helped with implementing the algorithms for the convertToPostfix and evaluatePostfix methods. Furthermore, he also wrote the main method that tested his group's implementations of the "convertToPostfix" method and "evaluatePostfix" method in the Calculator.java. Lastly, he added an extra feature for this project, which is making the program work for exponents. Hemil Bhavsar helped write the main method for the Calculator.java class. He also came up with and implemented the test cases for the convertToPostfix and evaluatePostfix methods.
3. Here is the link to [the Javadoc's start page](https://codingtillwedie.github.io/Project2/package-summary.html). 
4. Here is the link to [our screencast video](https://youtu.be/FEW6Qtc1zs4) on YouTube.

// NOTE: We are assuming that infix expressions will only contain positive integers within the expression and that the infix expressions will always be valid. Thus, the number of open parentheses and close parentheses will always be the same. Although only addition (+), subtraction (-), multiplication (*), and division (/) operators were necessary for this project, we added exponentiation (^) as our additional feature. 
